gadget number one the finger bolt and it
doesn't look like much but this is
game-changing I think about the not so
smart gadgets in your home right now
your TV your kettle your light bulbs
maybe well this makes them smart you
download the smartphone app and through
it
one tap makes this robot arm come down
to press the physical buttons on your
appliances so I've mounted mine on my PC
and so with my phone sitting across the
room or even upstairs I can now turn it
on now I didn't expect to like this
product but for just over thirty dollars
I ended up loving it it's a watch my
hesitate to call it a SmartWatch but
it's good to see that it can do
SmartWatch things like customize your
watch face and check your phone's
notifications but that is just the start
they tracks all kinds of stats like your
number of steps your heart rate your
blood pressure and can even act as a
remote shutter button for your phone's
camera and our stuff is all cool it
makes it useful but is not my favorite
feature see stored inside are actually
two wireless earbuds and the watch
doubles as the charging case for them as
something that you keep on your wrist
all the time anyways that combination
makes so much sense
you take these earphones out you put
them in your ear they will automatically
connect to your phone and they don't
even sound bad the fit might be a bit of
an issue for some people but for me if I
spent $30 on just the ear buds
I wouldn't feel like I've been ripped
off and that's quite an achievement
interesting is what I'd used to describe
this next product sound boom it's a
speaker for your smartphone but one that
doesn't require any pairing or actually
any batteries for that matter if you
have a phone that supports wireless
charging like a Samsung or a huawei then
you just turn that feature on and place
your phone in the docking area all of a
sudden your music will stop playing for
your phone speaker and start coming from
this much louder much richer speaker so
to give you an idea and play music on my
phone right now let's put it on and see
what happens
also massive shout out to surf shark VPN
for sponsoring this video now on the
subject of wireless charging welcome to
a gadget from ampair it's a wireless
charger as you probably guessed but with
a twist you plug it into the mains and
all of a sudden have three 10 watt fast
wireless charging coils there is one
that's better for Android users but the
one I've got here is Apple focused
there's one spot for an Apple watch one
for your air pods and one for your
iPhone plus the whole thing can be
powered by your MacBooks charger and the
added twist is this folding mechanism
which of course a makes it more portable
but B means that it can be folded up to
act as a stand for your device here's a
fact about me magic I can show you I
drink a lot of tea and I think most tea
drinkers agree that the second half of
the cup always tastes less good than the
first half because by the time you've
got there it's cold
enter the new ember travel mug - it's
not perfect but it's one of my most used
gadgets since I entered the studio it
syncs with your smart phone and lets you
keep your drink at whatever temperature
you think is comfortable it comes with a
dock and while your mug is on it it can
keep your drink warm for two days if you
wanted it to although I probably
wouldn't drink two day old tea but more
importantly the mug also works on the go
keeping your drink at the perfect
temperature for an extra three hours on
a road trip there's a couple of other
things I really appreciate here this lid
mechanism for example is 100% spill free
like that is full of liquid right now
and I feel perfectly confident doing
this over a whole load of expensive
gadgets and I should probably stop that
when it comes to drinking as well you
just press this down and you can sip
from any angle there's also a
touchscreen on the side which just means
you can control the temperature without
the app if you want to
well you probably didn't see this coming
but welcome to cowboy it's a smart bike
and that brings a few benefits you
probably expected and a few he probably
didn't the bike itself it's a pretty
conservative mix of matte and glossy
black I wouldn't say the design shouts
but it's premium in a subtle way it's
fairly light too at 16 kilos and you get
wide tires for a better grip on the road
but what makes it different are the
smart features with an app you can lock
it and unlock it the same way you do for
your car and when it's locked it will
not go anywhere
you get control over the lights on the
front in the back can remotely diagnose
problems and probably my favorite
feature is that it tells you where your
bike is at all times so if you're very
forgetful and you just need reminding
where you left it it works for that or
if you're very unlucky and someone's
just nicked it you can still track and
trace it plus being an electric bike
it's got a battery that you feel the
second you first put your foot down it
makes you feel like what I imagine a pro
cyclist would feel tearing around a
racetrack except you don't need to put
in all that much effort the electric
motor automatically accounts for hills
and tricky terrain it kind of detects
when you're exerting yourself and then
just gives you a little extra push and
before you know it you'll be flying at
25 kilometers an hour we've seen a lot
of smart phone handles in this series
but this right here is probably the most
well considered one I've come across
it's called the oat snap and it is
substantially sized but looks
surprisingly okay on the back of your
phone pressing at one end releases a
kickstand that can either prop your
phone up at an angle or just be used to
give you a bit more security when
holding it but then you can bring these
two ends together and they lock and like
that is not coming apart any time soon
you can then slide the grip up or down
which takes your thumb up in town with
it and there are a lot of times
especially with the massive phones we
see in our days where I've personally
wanted to be able to just kind of slide
up and have better access to the top of
my phone and now you can do that the
grip is curved in a way that prevents it
catching on pockets it contains a magnet
so you can just throw it onto a fridge
for example and the cherry on top is
that if you still did want to use
wireless charging you can slip out the
metal compare
and it works next up is a smartphone
flashlight but one that I'd say is less
of a cool toy and more of a pro tool you
can either set it up as a continuous
light source if you were just trying to
create a dramatic looking video for
example or you can plug it into your
phone I've got the iPhone one here and
it'll then act as a flash for when you
take photos and it's about four times
brighter than the built-in flash with
about twice the range so here are some
side-by-side shots just to give you an
idea of how much difference that makes
also from anchor is my current favorite
power bank it's not cheap and it doesn't
really look like anything out of the
ordinary but it's pretty much all you're
gonna need for a very long time a twenty
six thousand eight hundred million power
capacity means you can charge even large
battery smart phones like six times over
from empty that's like a week's worth of
battery and it's not just that it can
charge them but it's also that it can do
it quickly with a 45 watt output from
just one port it's actually powerful
enough to charge most USBC laptops
there's been a couple of times when I've
been out and about and my MacBook is
just about to die and this has saved the
day but there's more in the box you also
get anchors Atem three a sixty watt
charger to refill this power bank in
about three and a half hours where Jeff
doesn't sound fast but when you factor
in that this is six Ferns worth of
battery it's not bad okay let's talk
about moment for a minute
I've heard a ton about their camera
lenses for years on YouTube but never
actually got around to testing them till
now and they have some distinct benefits
over just using your phone's camera so
it starts with a case they have four ton
cases for a ton of different phones and
each one is built could specifically
designed camera cutouts to allow for
lens mounting and then you pick your
weapon I've got three right here a wide
lens of fisheye lens and then a macro so
starting with the wide your field of
view changes from this to this it's not
drastic but enough to notice fisheye
though then takes you even further to
this and you might be thinking the
iPhone 11 pro already has a built in
ultra wide camera it seems like a real
pointless exercise to stick an ultra
wide camera on to the main camera and
for casual uses I'd agree
the main benefit though of mounting a
wide lens is that you get to still use
your phone's main
camera to take a white shot and almost
consistently phone's main cameras are
many times better than their ultra wide
cameras plus with an iPhone the night
mode software is fantastic but it only
works on the main camera the ultra wide
can't use it so for perspective I took
this photo using the ultra wide camera
at night on the iPhone and this is what
it looks like using the moment fisheye
lens fixed onto the main camera quite a
big difference I also had a play with a
macro camera and again came away
impressed although one thing to know is
that when you're getting really close to
objects you do benefit from having
another light source but that is where
the anchor light comes in
welcome to something you didn't know you
needed on the face of it it's a pretty
nondescript looking plastic box but it
opens to form a docking station you sit
your phone on this USB C port and all of
a sudden you can connect it to pretty
much anything the dock has two USB 2.0
ports which is fine but then turning it
around an HDMI which is awesome
I can why am i phone straight to my TV
to use Samsung decks for example but
then even more crucial on the third side
is a fast USB 3.0 port as well as an SD
and micro SD card slot and it just works
I could record something with my main
camera and then slip the SD card right
into my phone and start watching back
the clips for a change of pace here's
something simple a charging cable but
it's a good one you're looking at nylon
coated wire for great durability an LED
light on the charging head support for
40 watt fast charging but the main
differentiator is actually that the head
is tilted 90 degrees which I'll be
honest for the vast majority people
doesn't actually make a difference but
it is useful for gamers because usually
cables stick directly outwards and get
in the way of your fingers while playing
this negates that issue we can go
further though with yet another cable
and before you start jumping around in
excitement you might want to hear this
the energy 360 is a rotating magnetic
cable and there's actually two really
cool things about this one that it can
flick between both normal and 90-degree
orientations but to that it can also
switch tips to charge microUSB lightning
and USB C which covers
much every fern out there as with
everything though there is a trade-off
this cool magnetic switching system
means that the current is limited at 2.4
amps which should be fine for most
people but if you've got one of those
phones with super fast charges this
might not keep up but this would make an
amazing backup cable because it supports
everything
well this one's fun there's a company
called shift cam who have come up with a
smart phone case that aims to be the
fastest way to adapt your phones cameras
on the fly it tries to address the issue
with external smart phone lenses which
is that yes they can be great quality
but most people are just put off by the
fact that they now have something else
that they've got to carry around so
built into this case you get five lenses
to play around with a 10 x + 20 x macro
camera 4 x telephoto 180 degree extreme
fisheye and a polarizer lens the macro
ones are pretty self-explanatory the 10
x slides on top of your phone's main
camera to bring you 10 times closer
it's decent quality to the 20 x is a
similar lens but because it slides over
your phone's 2 x telephoto camera it can
get you 20 times closer and again
quality is pretty good the 4 times zoom
camera works in a similar way so to give
you an idea this is my iPhones main
camera this would be what it looks like
using the built-in 2 x camera and this
would be the full 4 times using the
shift case lens on top of that and the
fisheye kind of speaks for itself very
wide field of view but also a ton of
distortion and finally this polarizer is
basically built to reduce glare and
increase contrast on the ultra wide
camera of your phone there are
situations is useful in but I will say
this for all of these lenses you get
what you pay for they're good but
they're just not as good as buying one
lens specialized for one task now for a
product that is far heavier than it
needed to be but this is quickly
forgiving when you feel just how
well-constructed
it is you can tell it was built not to
be moved around this is the air quad and
the name tells half the story
it can charge four devices at the same
time and so actually it's pretty similar
to that unravel charger we looked at
earlier in terms of scope but with this
additional USB C dock for a smartphone
or even an iPad pro as a bit of a bonus
if you've watched this far I also
managed to get hold of what claimed to
be
world's slimmest true wireless earbuds
and I don't doubt the claim these even
make the fairly svelte Airports look
chunky the entire effort and case are so
tiny that you will put these in your
pocket and completely forget they're
there that's it they have priced
themselves against the big dogs and for
a lot of people that might be the
sticking point while they do sound great
considering they're non noise-canceling
and they just rest near your ear canal
instead of inside it and they have touch
controls for your music and your voice
assistance they won't match the
connectivity and the seamlessness of
airports surf shark VPN is pretty crazy
value and take a listen to this you pay
one dollar ninety-nine a month and that
gives you unlimited simultaneous
connections you probably already know
that VPNs can keep your browsing secure
especially in public places and also
help to get around internet censorship
in certain regions like China but surf
shark does a lot more than that as well
as being able to connect to single
locations it allows you to multi hop or
encrypt your data through two different
servers at the same time so shark can
also scan online databases to make sure
your emails and passwords haven't been
leaked and let's use something called
blind search an internet search tool
with no logs new tracking and no ads two
of the coolest things built into the VPN
itself are the ability to automatically
block ads which can help load pages
quicker whilst using less of your data
and the ability to access 15 different
Netflix libraries from around the world
so do check the link in the description
and you can use the code box to get an
83 percent discount and an extra month
for free thanks a lot for watching guys
and I will catch you in the next one
[Music]